catch2.o: T _allchk
catch2.o: T _allo0
catch2.o: T _argsize
catch2.o: C _busy
catch2.o: U _cerror
catch2.o: T _freetemp
catch2.o: U _maxtemp
catch2.o: U _printf
catch2.o: T _rbusy
catch2.o: U _rdebug
catch2.o: C _resc
catch2.o: U _rnames
catch2.o: U _t2print
catch2.o: C _tmpoff
catch2.o: T _ttype
cgram.o: U __flsbuf
cgram.o: U __iob
cgram.o: T _addcase
cgram.o: T _adddef
cgram.o: T _allodimtab
cgram.o: U _asavbc
cgram.o: U _asmout
cgram.o: U _autooff
cgram.o: U _bccode
cgram.o: U _bcon
cgram.o: T _bdty
cgram.o: U _beg_file
cgram.o: U _beginit
cgram.o: U _blevel
cgram.o: U _block
cgram.o: U _branch
cgram.o: U _brkflag
cgram.o: U _brklab
cgram.o: U _bstruct
cgram.o: U _buildtree
cgram.o: U _cerror
cgram.o: U _clearst
cgram.o: U _contlab
cgram.o: U _ctype
cgram.o: U _curclass
cgram.o: U _curdim
cgram.o: U _curftn
cgram.o: U _dbline
cgram.o: U _dclargs
cgram.o: U _dclstruct
cgram.o: U _dcon
cgram.o: U _defid
cgram.o: U _deflab
cgram.o: U _dimtab
cgram.o: C _dimtabsz
cgram.o: U _doinit
cgram.o: U _doszof
cgram.o: T _dstash
cgram.o: U _ecomp
cgram.o: U _endinit
cgram.o: U _falloc
cgram.o: U _floop_level
cgram.o: U _flostat
cgram.o: U _ftnarg
cgram.o: U _ftnend
cgram.o: U _genswitch
cgram.o: U _getlab
cgram.o: U _getstr
cgram.o: U _hflag
cgram.o: U _icons
cgram.o: U _idname
cgram.o: U _ilbrace
cgram.o: U _indtype
cgram.o: U _instruct
cgram.o: U _irbrace
cgram.o: U _lastcon
cgram.o: U _lineno
cgram.o: U _locctr
cgram.o: U _lookup
cgram.o: U _makety
cgram.o: U _malloc
cgram.o: T _mkty
cgram.o: U _moedef
cgram.o: U _nidcl
cgram.o: U _notlval
cgram.o: U _optim
cgram.o: U _paramno
cgram.o: U _printf
cgram.o: U _psavbc
cgram.o: U _reached
cgram.o: U _realloc
cgram.o: U _regvar
cgram.o: T _resetbc
cgram.o: U _retlab
cgram.o: U _retstat
cgram.o: U _rstruct
cgram.o: T _savebc
cgram.o: U _slineno
cgram.o: U _sprintf
cgram.o: U _stab
cgram.o: U _strucoff
cgram.o: U _stwart
cgram.o: T _swend
cgram.o: U _swp
cgram.o: T _swstart
cgram.o: U _swtab
cgram.o: U _swx
cgram.o: U _tfree
cgram.o: U _treecpy
cgram.o: U _tymerge
cgram.o: U _types
cgram.o: U _uclass
cgram.o: U _uerror
cgram.o: U _uplevel
cgram.o: U _werror
cgram.o: U _wloop_level
cgram.o: U _xicolon
cgram.o: D _yyact
cgram.o: D _yychar
cgram.o: D _yychk
cgram.o: D _yydebug
cgram.o: D _yydef
cgram.o: D _yyerrflag
cgram.o: U _yyerror
cgram.o: D _yyexca
cgram.o: U _yylex
cgram.o: C _yylval
cgram.o: D _yynerrs
cgram.o: D _yypact
cgram.o: T _yyparse
cgram.o: D _yypgo
cgram.o: D _yyr1
cgram.o: D _yyr2
cgram.o: D _yystates
cgram.o: D _yytoknames
cgram.o: C _yyv
cgram.o: C _yyval
common1.o: U __iob
common1.o: T _cerror
common1.o: D _curtstr
common1.o: C _dope
common1.o: U _exit
common1.o: U _fflush
common1.o: U _fprintf
common1.o: D _ftitle
common1.o: D _indope
common1.o: C _itstrbuf
common1.o: C _lastfree
common1.o: U _lineno
common1.o: U _malloc
common1.o: T _mkdope
common1.o: D _nerrors
common1.o: C _node
common1.o: D _nowarn
common1.o: C _opst
common1.o: U _strcpy
common1.o: U _strlen
common1.o: T _talloc
common1.o: T _tcheck
common1.o: T _tfree
common1.o: T _tinit
common1.o: T _tstr
common1.o: D _tstrbuf
common1.o: C _tstrused
common1.o: T _uerror
common1.o: T _werror
common1.o: T _where
debug.o: U _Oflag
debug.o: U _Pflag
debug.o: U __iob
debug.o: T _aobeg
debug.o: T _aocode
debug.o: T _aoend
debug.o: U _bbcnt
debug.o: U _blevel
debug.o: U _curftn
debug.o: T _dbfile
debug.o: T _dbfunarg
debug.o: T _dbfunbeg
debug.o: T _dbfunend
debug.o: T _dbfunret
debug.o: T _dblbrac
debug.o: T _dbline
debug.o: T _dbnargs
debug.o: T _dbrbrac
debug.o: U _dimtab
debug.o: T _ejsdb
debug.o: U _exname
debug.o: U _fflush
debug.o: U _fprintf
debug.o: U _ftitle
debug.o: C _gdebug
debug.o: U _getlab
debug.o: U _lineno
debug.o: U _locctr
debug.o: T _ppstab
debug.o: U _printx
debug.o: C _slineno
debug.o: U _sprintx
debug.o: U _stab
debug.o: U _strcmp
debug.o: U _strcpy
debug.o: U _time
genaux.o: T _allocreg
genaux.o: T _alloctmp
genaux.o: D _argptr
genaux.o: T _asgwrite
genaux.o: T _awfulstar
genaux.o: U _back
genaux.o: U _buf
genaux.o: U _bufend
genaux.o: U _bufs
genaux.o: U _cerror
genaux.o: T _childtype
genaux.o: T _commnod
genaux.o: T _copymnod
genaux.o: U _doit
genaux.o: T _extracheck
genaux.o: T _fixuns
genaux.o: T _fldstar
genaux.o: D _frameptr
genaux.o: T _fromtemp
genaux.o: T _funargs
genaux.o: T _gimmemnod
genaux.o: U _gimmetemp
genaux.o: D _incrarr
genaux.o: T _incrsize
genaux.o: T _isfloat
genaux.o: T _isunsigned
genaux.o: U _longjmp
genaux.o: T _lsconv
genaux.o: T _mediumstar
genaux.o: U _minrvar
genaux.o: C _myt
genaux.o: C _ntree
genaux.o: U _overr
genaux.o: U _pr
genaux.o: C _prptr
genaux.o: D _regnames
genaux.o: U _regvar
genaux.o: T _rewfld
genaux.o: T _rewriteasgop
genaux.o: T _rewriteconv
genaux.o: T _rewritefld
genaux.o: D _shiftarr
genaux.o: T _shiftsize
genaux.o: U _sideffects
genaux.o: T _specialreg
genaux.o: U _sprintf
genaux.o: U _sprintx
genaux.o: T _starasg
genaux.o: T _stasgrewrite
genaux.o: T _tempnode
genaux.o: T _to
genaux.o: U _tostack
genaux.o: T _totemp
genaux.o: T _type
genaux.o: D _typearr
genaux.o: D _unsarr
genaux.o: U _write
gencode.o: C _Pflag
gencode.o: C _acnt
gencode.o: U _addrsimp
gencode.o: U _allocreg
gencode.o: U _alloctmp
gencode.o: U _argptr
gencode.o: U _asgwrite
gencode.o: C _back
gencode.o: C _bbcnt
gencode.o: U _buf
gencode.o: U _bufend
gencode.o: U _bufs
gencode.o: U _cerror
gencode.o: U _checksize
gencode.o: U _childtype
gencode.o: U _commutes
gencode.o: U _copytree
gencode.o: T _doit
gencode.o: U _extracheck
gencode.o: U _fixuns
gencode.o: U _frameptr
gencode.o: U _funargs
gencode.o: T _gencode
gencode.o: U _genjmp
gencode.o: U _hasqnode
gencode.o: U _incrsize
gencode.o: U _index
gencode.o: U _indirit
gencode.o: U _isfloat
gencode.o: U _isunsigned
gencode.o: U _longjmp
gencode.o: U _lsconv
gencode.o: U _mediumstar
gencode.o: U _myt
gencode.o: U _ntree
gencode.o: U _outpr
gencode.o: U _overr
gencode.o: U _pr
gencode.o: U _prbuf
gencode.o: U _printx
gencode.o: C _prptr
gencode.o: U _prtree
gencode.o: U _regnames
gencode.o: U _regvar
gencode.o: U _rewriteasgop
gencode.o: U _rewriteconv
gencode.o: U _rewritefld
gencode.o: U _setjmp
gencode.o: U _shiftsize
gencode.o: U _simpler
gencode.o: U _specialreg
gencode.o: U _sprintf
gencode.o: U _sprintx
gencode.o: U _starasg
gencode.o: U _strcat
gencode.o: U _strcmp
gencode.o: U _strshift
gencode.o: C _svq
gencode.o: U _tmpoff
gencode.o: U _tostack
gencode.o: U _totemp
gencode.o: U _type
gencode.o: U _uerror
genmore.o: T _addrsimp
genmore.o: U _allocreg
genmore.o: U _bothdebug
genmore.o: C _buf
genmore.o: D _bufend
genmore.o: C _bufs
genmore.o: U _cerror
genmore.o: T _checksize
genmore.o: T _commutes
genmore.o: T _copytree
genmore.o: U _freetemp
genmore.o: T _genjmp
genmore.o: U _gimmemnod
genmore.o: T _gimmetemp
genmore.o: T _hasqnode
genmore.o: T _index
genmore.o: T _indirit
genmore.o: D _jeq
genmore.o: D _jge
genmore.o: D _jgt
genmore.o: D _jle
genmore.o: D _jlt
genmore.o: D _jne
genmore.o: D _juge
genmore.o: D _jugt
genmore.o: D _jule
genmore.o: D _jult
genmore.o: U _maxboff
genmore.o: U _myt
genmore.o: U _nosharp
genmore.o: T _outpr
genmore.o: T _overr
genmore.o: T _pr
genmore.o: C _prbuf
genmore.o: U _printbuf
genmore.o: C _prptr
genmore.o: T _rindex
genmore.o: T _sideffects
genmore.o: T _simpler
genmore.o: U _sprintx
genmore.o: U _sprintxl
genmore.o: U _strcat
genmore.o: U _strchr
genmore.o: U _strcpy
genmore.o: U _strlen
genmore.o: U _strrchr
genmore.o: T _strshift
genmore.o: T _tostack
lcatch2.o: U _Pflag
lcatch2.o: U _bbcnt
lcatch2.o: T _bycode
lcatch2.o: U _cerror
lcatch2.o: U _dbfunret
lcatch2.o: T _defalign
lcatch2.o: T _deflab
lcatch2.o: T _eobl2
lcatch2.o: T _exname
lcatch2.o: T _genlong
lcatch2.o: T _genret
lcatch2.o: T _genubr
lcatch2.o: T _lineid
lcatch2.o: D _locnames
lcatch2.o: U _printx
lcatch2.o: D _rnames
lcatch2.o: U _strlen
lcatch2.o: U _strncpy
local.o: U _Pflag
local.o: U __exit
local.o: U __iob
local.o: U _argsoff
local.o: U _argty
local.o: U _bbcnt
local.o: T _beg_file
local.o: T _bfcode
local.o: T _branch
local.o: U _cerror
local.o: T _cisreg
local.o: T _clocal
local.o: T _commdec
local.o: U _curftn
local.o: U _dbfile
local.o: U _dbfunarg
local.o: U _dbfunbeg
local.o: U _dbfunend
local.o: U _deflab
local.o: T _defnam
local.o: T _dontdump
local.o: U _dope
local.o: T _dswbegin
local.o: T _dswcase
local.o: T _e2print
local.o: T _efcode
local.o: D _ent_mask
local.o: U _exname
local.o: U _fflush
local.o: T _fincode
local.o: D _floop_level
local.o: U _flushx
local.o: T _fperr
local.o: C _ftlab1
local.o: C _ftlab2
local.o: U _ftnno
local.o: U _genlong
local.o: U _genret
local.o: T _genswitch
local.o: U _genubr
local.o: U _getlab
local.o: C _heapsw
local.o: T _hswelse
local.o: T _incode
local.o: C _inoff
local.o: U _locctr
local.o: T _main
local.o: U _mainp1
local.o: T _makeheap
local.o: C _maxboff
local.o: C _maxtemp
local.o: D _minrvar
local.o: T _myfcon
local.o: U _nextrvar
local.o: T _opbigsz
local.o: U _printf
local.o: U _printx
local.o: C _proflag
local.o: U _reached
local.o: U _regvar
local.o: U _retlab
local.o: T _select
local.o: U _setbuf
local.o: U _signal
local.o: T _sretname
local.o: T _sswtest
local.o: U _stab
local.o: U _strftn
local.o: T _sz_incode
local.o: T _t2print
local.o: U _talloc
local.o: T _treecpy
local.o: U _tsize
local.o: T _vfdzero
local.o: T _walkheap
local.o: D _wloop_level
local.o: U _write
local.o: T _zecode
lookup.o: U _calloc
lookup.o: U _cerror
lookup.o: U _ddebug
lookup.o: T _hash
lookup.o: C _hashroot
lookup.o: U _instruct
lookup.o: T _lookup
lookup.o: U _malloc
lookup.o: U _memcpy
lookup.o: U _printf
lookup.o: T _savestr
lookup.o: U _stab
lookup.o: U _strcmp
lookup.o: U _strlen
lookup.o: U _stwart
optim.o: T _aadjust
optim.o: T _adjust
optim.o: U _autooff
optim.o: T _bccode
optim.o: U _bcon
optim.o: U _bigsize
optim.o: U _block
optim.o: U _buildtree
optim.o: U _cbigger
optim.o: U _ccast
optim.o: U _cerror
optim.o: U _clocal
optim.o: U _conval
optim.o: U _dope
optim.o: T _doptim
optim.o: U _econvert
optim.o: U _eprint
optim.o: T _fortarg
optim.o: T _ispow2
optim.o: U _makety
optim.o: T _nncon
optim.o: U _node
optim.o: T _offcon
optim.o: D _opdebug
optim.o: T _optim
optim.o: U _p2bbeg
optim.o: U _printf
optim.o: T _pvconvert
optim.o: U _regvar
optim.o: D _revrel
optim.o: T _sconvert
optim.o: T _simpstr
optim.o: U _strftn
optim.o: U _talign
optim.o: U _tsize
optim.o: T _tydown
pftn.o: U _aobeg
pftn.o: U _aocode
pftn.o: U _aoend
pftn.o: U _argno
pftn.o: U _argoff
pftn.o: U _argsoff
pftn.o: U _argstk
pftn.o: U _argty
pftn.o: U _asavbc
pftn.o: T _asave
pftn.o: U _autooff
pftn.o: U _bccode
pftn.o: U _bcon
pftn.o: T _beginit
pftn.o: U _bfcode
pftn.o: U _blevel
pftn.o: U _block
pftn.o: U _brklab
pftn.o: T _bstruct
pftn.o: U _buildtree
pftn.o: U _cerror
pftn.o: U _cisreg
pftn.o: T _clearst
pftn.o: U _commdec
pftn.o: U _contlab
pftn.o: T _ctype
pftn.o: U _curclass
pftn.o: U _curdim
pftn.o: U _curftn
pftn.o: U _dblbrac
pftn.o: U _dbrbrac
pftn.o: T _dclargs
pftn.o: T _dclstruct
pftn.o: D _ddebug
pftn.o: U _defalign
pftn.o: T _defid
pftn.o: U _deflab
pftn.o: U _defnam
pftn.o: U _dimtab
pftn.o: T _doinit
pftn.o: U _dstash
pftn.o: U _ecode
pftn.o: U _ecomp
pftn.o: U _efcode
pftn.o: T _endinit
pftn.o: U _eprint
pftn.o: T _falloc
pftn.o: U _fincode
pftn.o: T _fixclass
pftn.o: T _fixtype
pftn.o: U _flostat
pftn.o: U _ftitle
pftn.o: T _ftnarg
pftn.o: T _ftnend
pftn.o: U _ftnno
pftn.o: U _getlab
pftn.o: T _getstr
pftn.o: T _gotscal
pftn.o: U _hash
pftn.o: U _hflag
pftn.o: T _hide
pftn.o: D _ibseen
pftn.o: C _iclass
pftn.o: U _idebug
pftn.o: U _idname
pftn.o: T _ilbrace
pftn.o: D _ilocctr
pftn.o: U _incode
pftn.o: U _index
pftn.o: T _inforce
pftn.o: U _inoff
pftn.o: C _instack
pftn.o: T _instk
pftn.o: U _instruct
pftn.o: T _irbrace
pftn.o: U _lineno
pftn.o: U _locctr
pftn.o: U _lookup
pftn.o: U _lxstr
pftn.o: C _maxarg
pftn.o: C _maxoffset
pftn.o: T _mknonuniq
pftn.o: U _mkty
pftn.o: T _moedef
pftn.o: U _nerrors
pftn.o: U _nextrvar
pftn.o: T _nidcl
pftn.o: U _node
pftn.o: T _oalloc
pftn.o: U _optim
pftn.o: U _p2bend
pftn.o: U _paramno
pftn.o: U _paramstk
pftn.o: U _printf
pftn.o: U _psavbc
pftn.o: T _psave
pftn.o: C _pstk
pftn.o: T _putbyte
pftn.o: U _reached
pftn.o: T _regargs
pftn.o: T _relook
pftn.o: U _retlab
pftn.o: U _retstat
pftn.o: U _rindex
pftn.o: T _rstruct
pftn.o: U _scnames
pftn.o: U _scopestack
pftn.o: U _simpstr
pftn.o: U _sprintf
pftn.o: U _sretname
pftn.o: U _stab
pftn.o: U _strcpy
pftn.o: U _strflg
pftn.o: U _strftn
pftn.o: U _strucoff
pftn.o: U _stwart
pftn.o: U _swp
pftn.o: U _swtab
pftn.o: U _swx
pftn.o: T _talign
pftn.o: U _tcheck
pftn.o: U _tfree
pftn.o: U _tprint
pftn.o: T _tsize
pftn.o: T _tymerge
pftn.o: T _types
pftn.o: T _tyreduce
pftn.o: T _uclass
pftn.o: U _uerror
pftn.o: T _unhide
pftn.o: T _uplevel
pftn.o: T _upoff
pftn.o: T _vfdalign
pftn.o: U _vfdzero
pftn.o: U _werror
pftn.o: T _yyaccpt
pftn.o: T _yyerror
pftn.o: U _zecode
pjw.o: U __flsbuf
pjw.o: U __iob
pjw.o: D _ar
pjw.o: C _bothdebug
pjw.o: U _cerror
pjw.o: C _fd
pjw.o: U _gencode
pjw.o: T _myinit
pjw.o: C _opindex
pjw.o: T _pjwend
pjw.o: T _pjwreader
pjw.o: U _printf
pjw.o: T _prtree
pjw.o: T _prtype
pjw.o: U _stab
pjw.o: U _tfree
printx.o: U __iob
printx.o: T _flushx
printx.o: U _fwrite
printx.o: U _memcpy
printx.o: C _nosharp
printx.o: T _printbuf
printx.o: T _printx
printx.o: T _sprintX
printx.o: T _sprintd
printx.o: T _sprinto
printx.o: T _sprintx
printx.o: T _sprintxl
printx.o: C _syncstdio
printx.o: U _write
reader.o: U _allchk
reader.o: U _allo0
reader.o: U _argsize
reader.o: U _cerror
reader.o: T _condit
reader.o: T _dlabel
reader.o: U _dope
reader.o: C _e2debug
reader.o: U _eobl2
reader.o: C _fast
reader.o: T _fcond
reader.o: U _floop_level
reader.o: T _force
reader.o: U _ftitle
reader.o: U _ftnno
reader.o: U _gdebug
reader.o: T _genbr
reader.o: U _getlab
reader.o: T _gtb
reader.o: C _lflag
reader.o: U _lineid
reader.o: U _lineno
reader.o: U _maxarg
reader.o: C _maxboff
reader.o: C _maxtemp
reader.o: U _mkdope
reader.o: D _negrel
reader.o: D _odebug
reader.o: T _p2bbeg
reader.o: T _p2bend
reader.o: T _p2compile
reader.o: T _p2init
reader.o: U _pjwend
reader.o: U _pjwreader
reader.o: T _rcomma
reader.o: D _rdebug
reader.o: D _sdebug
reader.o: T _seq
reader.o: U _syncstdio
reader.o: U _talloc
reader.o: T _tcond
reader.o: U _tfree
reader.o: U _tmpoff
reader.o: C _udebug
reader.o: U _wloop_level
scan.o: C _Oflag
scan.o: U _Pflag
scan.o: U __ctype
scan.o: U __iob
scan.o: U _allodimtab
scan.o: D _asdebug
scan.o: D _asm_esc
scan.o: C _asmbuf
scan.o: T _asmout
scan.o: C _asmp
scan.o: U _atof
scan.o: U _bdebug
scan.o: U _bothdebug
scan.o: U _bycode
scan.o: U _ccast
scan.o: U _cerror
scan.o: U _close
scan.o: U _curdim
scan.o: U _dbline
scan.o: U _dcon
scan.o: U _ddebug
scan.o: U _dimtab
scan.o: T _eatline
scan.o: U _edebug
scan.o: U _ejsdb
scan.o: U _exit
scan.o: D _flflag
scan.o: U _fprintf
scan.o: U _freopen
scan.o: U _ftitle
scan.o: U _hash
scan.o: U _hflag
scan.o: U _idebug
scan.o: U _index
scan.o: U _instruct
scan.o: U _isatty
scan.o: U _lastcon
scan.o: U _lineno
scan.o: U _lookup
scan.o: T _lxcom
scan.o: C _lxcp
scan.o: D _lxdope
scan.o: T _lxenter
scan.o: C _lxgcp
scan.o: T _lxhinit
scan.o: T _lxinit
scan.o: C _lxmask
scan.o: C _lxmatch
scan.o: T _lxmore
scan.o: C _lxrch0
scan.o: C _lxrch2
scan.o: D _lxrdope
scan.o: T _lxres
scan.o: C _lxrindx
scan.o: T _lxstr
scan.o: T _lxtitle
scan.o: T _mainp1
scan.o: U _maxoffset
scan.o: U _memcpy
scan.o: U _mkdope
scan.o: U _mkty
scan.o: U _nerrors
scan.o: U _nowarn
scan.o: U _onlywarn
scan.o: U _opdebug
scan.o: U _open
scan.o: U _p2init
scan.o: U _pflag
scan.o: U _printx
scan.o: U _proflag
scan.o: U _putbyte
scan.o: U _reached
scan.o: U _read
scan.o: T _spitline
scan.o: U _stab
scan.o: U _strcmp
scan.o: U _strflg
scan.o: U _stwart
scan.o: U _syncstdio
scan.o: U _tdebug
scan.o: U _tinit
scan.o: U _uerror
scan.o: U _werror
scan.o: U _xdebug
scan.o: U _yyaccpt
scan.o: T _yylex
scan.o: U _yylval
scan.o: U _yyparse
scan.o: C _yytext
scan.o: D _zflag
trees.o: T _bcon
trees.o: D _bdebug
trees.o: T _bigsize
trees.o: T _block
trees.o: T _bpsize
trees.o: T _buildtree
trees.o: T _cbigger
trees.o: T _ccast
trees.o: U _cerror
trees.o: U _cflag
trees.o: T _chkpun
trees.o: T _chkstr
trees.o: U _clocal
trees.o: T _combo
trees.o: T _conval
trees.o: T _convert
trees.o: U _ctype
trees.o: U _curdim
trees.o: U _curloc
trees.o: U _dbline
trees.o: U _ddebug
trees.o: U _defalign
trees.o: U _defid
trees.o: U _deflab
trees.o: U _dimtab
trees.o: U _dope
trees.o: T _doszof
trees.o: T _e1print
trees.o: T _ecode
trees.o: T _ecomp
trees.o: T _econvert
trees.o: D _edebug
trees.o: T _eprint
trees.o: U _exname
trees.o: U _fincode
trees.o: T _getlab
trees.o: U _hflag
trees.o: T _icons
trees.o: U _idname
trees.o: T _indtype
trees.o: U _lineno
trees.o: T _locctr
trees.o: U _locnames
trees.o: T _makety
trees.o: U _maxarg
trees.o: T _moditype
trees.o: U _myfcon
trees.o: U _nerrors
trees.o: U _node
trees.o: T _notlval
trees.o: T _oconvert
trees.o: U _offcon
trees.o: C _onlywarn
trees.o: T _opact
trees.o: U _opst
trees.o: U _optim
trees.o: U _p2compile
trees.o: T _p2tree
trees.o: T _pconvert
trees.o: U _printf
trees.o: U _printx
trees.o: T _prtdcon
trees.o: T _psize
trees.o: T _ptmatch
trees.o: U _rbusy
trees.o: U _reached
trees.o: U _slineno
trees.o: U _sprintf
trees.o: U _stab
trees.o: T _strargs
trees.o: T _stref
trees.o: U _strftn
trees.o: U _talign
trees.o: U _talloc
trees.o: D _tdebug
trees.o: U _tfree
trees.o: T _tprint
trees.o: U _tsize
trees.o: U _tstr
trees.o: U _ttype
trees.o: T _tymatch
trees.o: U _uerror
trees.o: T _unconvert
trees.o: U _werror
trees.o: T _xicolon
trees.o: U udiv
trees.o: U urem
xdefs.o: C _argno
xdefs.o: C _argoff
xdefs.o: C _argsoff
xdefs.o: C _argstk
xdefs.o: C _argty
xdefs.o: C _asavbc
xdefs.o: C _autooff
xdefs.o: C _blevel
xdefs.o: D _brkflag
xdefs.o: C _brklab
xdefs.o: D _cflag
xdefs.o: C _contlab
xdefs.o: C _curclass
xdefs.o: C _curdim
xdefs.o: C _curftn
xdefs.o: C _curloc
xdefs.o: C _dcon
xdefs.o: C _dimtab
xdefs.o: C _flostat
xdefs.o: C _ftnno
xdefs.o: C _gdebug
xdefs.o: D _hflag
xdefs.o: D _idebug
xdefs.o: C _idname
xdefs.o: C _inoff
xdefs.o: C _instruct
xdefs.o: C _lastcon
xdefs.o: C _lineno
xdefs.o: C _nextrvar
xdefs.o: C _paramno
xdefs.o: C _paramstk
xdefs.o: D _pflag
xdefs.o: D _psavbc
xdefs.o: C _reached
xdefs.o: C _regvar
xdefs.o: D _retlab
xdefs.o: C _retstat
xdefs.o: T _scnames
xdefs.o: C _scopestack
xdefs.o: U _sprintf
xdefs.o: C _stab
xdefs.o: C _strflg
xdefs.o: C _strftn
xdefs.o: C _strucoff
xdefs.o: C _stwart
xdefs.o: C _swp
xdefs.o: C _swtab
xdefs.o: C _swx
xdefs.o: D _xdebug
