data.o: U _badtype
data.o: U _ckalloc
data.o: U _cktype
data.o: U _consconv
data.o: U _cpexpr
data.o: U _curdtelt
data.o: U _curdtp
data.o: T _dataline
data.o: T _dataname
data.o: T _dataval
data.o: U _eqvclass
data.o: U _err
data.o: U _extsymtab
data.o: U _fatal
data.o: U _fatali
data.o: U _fixtype
data.o: U _fprintf
data.o: U _frchain
data.o: T _frdata
data.o: U _free
data.o: U _frexpr
data.o: U _ftn66flag
data.o: U _initfile
data.o: U _memname
data.o: U _mkaddr
data.o: U _mkexpr
data.o: U _mkintcon
data.o: U _mklhs
data.o: T _nextdata
data.o: U _prcona
data.o: U _prconi
data.o: U _prconr
data.o: U _rpllist
data.o: T _setdata
data.o: U _toomanyinit
data.o: U _tylogical
data.o: U _typesize
data.o: U _warn
driver.o: U __ctype
driver.o: U __filbuf
driver.o: U __flsbuf
driver.o: U __iob
driver.o: U _abort
driver.o: T _await
driver.o: T _badfile
driver.o: U _calloc
driver.o: T _ckalloc
driver.o: T _clf
driver.o: T _content
driver.o: T _copyn
driver.o: T _copys
driver.o: T _crfnames
driver.o: T _doasm
driver.o: T _dodata
driver.o: T _doeven
driver.o: T _dofort
driver.o: T _doload
driver.o: T _done
driver.o: T _dopass2
driver.o: T _dotchar
driver.o: T _enbint
driver.o: T _err
driver.o: U _errno
driver.o: U _execv
driver.o: U _exit
driver.o: U _fclose
driver.o: U _fopen
driver.o: U _fork
driver.o: U _fprintf
driver.o: U _freopen
driver.o: U _getpid
driver.o: T _intrupt
driver.o: T _lastchar
driver.o: T _lastfield
driver.o: T _main
driver.o: T _nodup
driver.o: T _oneof
driver.o: T _prch
driver.o: U _prchars
driver.o: U _prcomblock
driver.o: U _prskip
driver.o: T _prspace
driver.o: U _pruse
driver.o: T _rdlong
driver.o: T _rdname
driver.o: T _rmf
driver.o: T _rmfiles
driver.o: T _setdoto
driver.o: U _signal
driver.o: U _sprintf
driver.o: U _stat
driver.o: U _strcat
driver.o: U _strcmp
driver.o: U _strcpy
driver.o: U _strlen
driver.o: T _sys
driver.o: T _texec
driver.o: U _unlink
driver.o: T _unreadable
driver.o: U _wait
driver.o: D _xxxvers
equiv.o: U _badstg
equiv.o: U _dclerr
equiv.o: T _doequiv
equiv.o: U _eqvclass
equiv.o: U _errstr
equiv.o: U _extsymtab
equiv.o: U _free
equiv.o: U _frexpr
equiv.o: U _ftn66flag
equiv.o: U _ftnname
equiv.o: U _iarrlen
equiv.o: U _lmax
equiv.o: U _lmin
equiv.o: U _memname
equiv.o: U _mkchain
equiv.o: U _mkintcon
equiv.o: U _nequiv
equiv.o: U _nounder
equiv.o: U _prcomssym
equiv.o: U _prstab
equiv.o: U _prstleng
equiv.o: U _sdbflag
equiv.o: U _suboffset
equiv.o: U _typealign
equiv.o: U _vardcl
equiv.o: U _varstr
equiv.o: U _warn
error.o: U _abort
error.o: T _badop
error.o: T _badstg
error.o: T _badtag
error.o: T _badthing
error.o: T _badtype
error.o: T _dclerr
error.o: U _debugflag
error.o: U _diagfile
error.o: U _done
error.o: T _err
error.o: T _err66
error.o: T _errext
error.o: T _erri
error.o: T _errstr
error.o: T _execerr
error.o: U _exit
error.o: T _fatal
error.o: T _fatali
error.o: T _fatalstr
error.o: U _fprintf
error.o: U _infname
error.o: U _lineno
error.o: T _many
error.o: U _nerr
error.o: U _nowarnflag
error.o: U _nwarn
error.o: U _sprintf
error.o: U _varstr
error.o: T _warn
error.o: T _warn1
error.o: T _yyerror
exec.o: U _blklevel
exec.o: U _call1
exec.o: U _conssgn
exec.o: U _convic
exec.o: U _copyn
exec.o: U _cpexpr
exec.o: U _ctls
exec.o: U _ctlstack
exec.o: U _dclerr
exec.o: U _deregister
exec.o: U _dorange
exec.o: U _enddcl
exec.o: T _enddo
exec.o: U _enregister
exec.o: U _err
exec.o: U _errstr
exec.o: T _exarif
exec.o: T _exasgoto
exec.o: T _exassign
exec.o: T _excall
exec.o: T _exdo
exec.o: U _execerr
exec.o: T _exelif
exec.o: T _exelse
exec.o: T _exendif
exec.o: T _exequals
exec.o: T _exgoto
exec.o: T _exif
exec.o: T _exreturn
exec.o: T _exstop
exec.o: U _fatal
exec.o: U _fixtype
exec.o: U _frchain
exec.o: U _free
exec.o: U _frexpr
exec.o: U _highlabtab
exec.o: U _impldcl
exec.o: U _labeltab
exec.o: U _lastctl
exec.o: U _many
exec.o: U _maxctl
exec.o: U _memversion
exec.o: U _mkaddcon
exec.o: U _mkchain
exec.o: U _mkconv
exec.o: U _mkexpr
exec.o: U _mkfunct
exec.o: U _mkintcon
exec.o: U _mklhs
exec.o: U _mkplace
exec.o: U _mkprim
exec.o: T _mkstfunct
exec.o: U _mkstrcon
exec.o: U _mktemp
exec.o: U _newlabel
exec.o: U _onetripflag
exec.o: U _parstate
exec.o: U _prarif
exec.o: U _procclass
exec.o: U _proctype
exec.o: U _putbranch
exec.o: U _putcmgo
exec.o: U _puteq
exec.o: U _putexpr
exec.o: U _putforce
exec.o: U _putgoto
exec.o: U _putif
exec.o: U _putlabel
exec.o: U _ret0label
exec.o: U _retlabel
exec.o: U _settype
exec.o: U _strlen
exec.o: U _vardcl
exec.o: U _varstr
exec.o: U _warn
expr.o: U __ctype
expr.o: T _addrof
expr.o: U _autovar
expr.o: U _badop
expr.o: U _badstg
expr.o: U _badtag
expr.o: U _badtype
expr.o: U _builtin
expr.o: U _call2
expr.o: U _call4
expr.o: U _checksubs
expr.o: U _ckalloc
expr.o: T _cktype
expr.o: U _cmpstr
expr.o: T _consconv
expr.o: T _consnegop
expr.o: T _conssgn
expr.o: U _copyn
expr.o: U _cpblock
expr.o: T _cpexpr
expr.o: U _dclerr
expr.o: T _deregister
expr.o: U _diagfile
expr.o: T _enregister
expr.o: U _entries
expr.o: U _err
expr.o: U _erri
expr.o: T _errnode
expr.o: U _errstr
expr.o: U _extsymtab
expr.o: U _fatal
expr.o: U _fatali
expr.o: T _fixargs
expr.o: T _fixexpr
expr.o: T _fixtype
expr.o: U _fprintf
expr.o: U _frchain
expr.o: U _free
expr.o: T _frexpr
expr.o: U _frtemp
expr.o: U _ftn66flag
expr.o: U _hextoi
expr.o: U _highregvar
expr.o: T _impldcl
expr.o: U _implleng
expr.o: U _implstg
expr.o: U _impltype
expr.o: T _inregister
expr.o: U _intraddr
expr.o: U _intrcall
expr.o: U _intrfunct
expr.o: U _lastvarno
expr.o: U _lineno
expr.o: U _maxdim
expr.o: U _maxregvar
expr.o: U _maxtype
expr.o: T _memversion
expr.o: T _mkaddcon
expr.o: T _mkaddr
expr.o: T _mkarg
expr.o: T _mkbitcon
expr.o: U _mkchain
expr.o: T _mkconst
expr.o: T _mkconv
expr.o: T _mkcxcon
expr.o: T _mkexpr
expr.o: U _mkext
expr.o: T _mkfunct
expr.o: T _mkintcon
expr.o: T _mklhs
expr.o: T _mklogcon
expr.o: T _mkplace
expr.o: T _mkprim
expr.o: T _mkrealcon
expr.o: T _mkscalar
expr.o: T _mkstrcon
expr.o: U _mktemp
expr.o: U _nregvar
expr.o: T _opconv
expr.o: D _powint
expr.o: U _procname
expr.o: U _putconst
expr.o: U _regnamep
expr.o: U _regnum
expr.o: U _rpllist
expr.o: U _settype
expr.o: U _strlen
expr.o: T _subcheck
expr.o: T _suboffset
expr.o: U _tolower
expr.o: U _tyint
expr.o: U _typesize
expr.o: T _vardcl
expr.o: U _varstr
expr.o: U _varunder
expr.o: U _warn
gram.o: U _blklevel
gram.o: U _ckalloc
gram.o: U _comblock
gram.o: U _consnegop
gram.o: U _convcd
gram.o: U _convci
gram.o: U _convic
gram.o: U _copyn
gram.o: U _cpexpr
gram.o: U _curdtelt
gram.o: U _curdtp
gram.o: U _dataval
gram.o: U _dclerr
gram.o: U _doinclude
gram.o: U _doio
gram.o: U _dorange
gram.o: U _enddcl
gram.o: U _enddo
gram.o: U _endio
gram.o: U _endioctl
gram.o: U _endproc
gram.o: U _entrypt
gram.o: U _eqvclass
gram.o: U _err
gram.o: U _err66
gram.o: U _errext
gram.o: U _exarif
gram.o: U _exasgoto
gram.o: U _exassign
gram.o: U _excall
gram.o: U _exdo
gram.o: U _execerr
gram.o: U _execlab
gram.o: U _exelif
gram.o: U _exelse
gram.o: U _exendif
gram.o: U _exequals
gram.o: U _exgoto
gram.o: U _exif
gram.o: U _exreturn
gram.o: U _exstop
gram.o: U _extsymtab
gram.o: U _fixtype
gram.o: U _flline
gram.o: U _fmtstmt
gram.o: U _frchain
gram.o: U _frdata
gram.o: U _frrpl
gram.o: U _headerdone
gram.o: U _hookup
gram.o: U _incomm
gram.o: U _inioctl
gram.o: U _intonly
gram.o: U _ioclause
gram.o: U _iocname
gram.o: U _iostmt
gram.o: U _lastvarno
gram.o: U _lineno
gram.o: U _many
gram.o: U _maxdim
gram.o: U _maxequiv
gram.o: U _mkbitcon
gram.o: U _mkchain
gram.o: U _mkcxcon
gram.o: U _mkexpr
gram.o: U _mkintcon
gram.o: U _mkiodo
gram.o: U _mklabel
gram.o: U _mklist
gram.o: U _mklogcon
gram.o: U _mkname
gram.o: U _mkprim
gram.o: U _mkrealcon
gram.o: U _mkstrcon
gram.o: U _needkwd
gram.o: U _nequiv
gram.o: U _newentry
gram.o: U _newproc
gram.o: U _nextdata
gram.o: U _no66flag
gram.o: U _noextflag
gram.o: U _p2pass
gram.o: U _parstate
gram.o: U _procclass
gram.o: U _putcmgo
gram.o: U _puthead
gram.o: U _putlabel
gram.o: U _saveall
gram.o: U _sdbflag
gram.o: U _setbound
gram.o: U _setext
gram.o: U _setfmt
gram.o: U _setimpl
gram.o: U _setintr
gram.o: U _settype
gram.o: U _stabdline
gram.o: U _startioctl
gram.o: U _startproc
gram.o: U _substars
gram.o: U _thislabel
gram.o: U _token
gram.o: U _toklen
gram.o: U _toomanyinit
gram.o: U _typesize
gram.o: U _vardcl
gram.o: U _warn
gram.o: U _warn1
gram.o: D _yyact
gram.o: D _yychar
gram.o: D _yychk
gram.o: D _yydef
gram.o: D _yyerrflag
gram.o: U _yyerror
gram.o: D _yyexca
gram.o: U _yylex
gram.o: C _yylval
gram.o: D _yynerrs
gram.o: D _yypact
gram.o: T _yyparse
gram.o: D _yypgo
gram.o: D _yyr1
gram.o: D _yyr2
gram.o: U _yystno
gram.o: C _yyv
gram.o: C _yyval
init.o: U __iob
init.o: C _argloc
init.o: C _asmfile
init.o: C _autoleng
init.o: C _blklevel
init.o: D _bssleng
init.o: D _chains
init.o: D _checksubs
init.o: D _chlgslot
init.o: D _chslot
init.o: U _ckalloc
init.o: C _ctls
init.o: C _ctlstack
init.o: C _curdtelt
init.o: D _curdtp
init.o: D _cxslot
init.o: D _dbglabel
init.o: D _debugflag
init.o: D _diagfile
init.o: D _dorange
init.o: D _entries
init.o: C _eqvclass
init.o: D _eqvstart
init.o: U _err
init.o: C _extsymtab
init.o: T _fileinit
init.o: U _frchain
init.o: U _free
init.o: U _frexpr
init.o: D _ftn66flag
init.o: C _fudgelabel
init.o: C _hashtab
init.o: D _headerdone
init.o: C _headoffset
init.o: C _highlabtab
init.o: C _highregvar
init.o: D _holdtemps
init.o: C _implleng
init.o: C _implstg
init.o: C _impltype
init.o: D _infile
init.o: C _infname
init.o: C _inioctl
init.o: C _initfile
init.o: C _ioblkp
init.o: C _iostmt
init.o: C _labeltab
init.o: C _labtabend
init.o: C _lastargslot
init.o: C _lastctl
init.o: C _lastext
init.o: C _lasthash
init.o: D _lastlabno
init.o: C _lastvarno
init.o: U _lengtype
init.o: C _lineno
init.o: C _litpool
init.o: C _lwmno
init.o: D _maxctl
init.o: D _maxdim
init.o: D _maxequiv
init.o: D _maxext
init.o: D _maxhash
init.o: D _maxstno
init.o: C _multitype
init.o: C _ndata
init.o: C _needkwd
init.o: C _nentry
init.o: D _nequiv
init.o: C _nerr
init.o: C _nextext
init.o: D _nintnames
init.o: C _nioctl
init.o: C _nliterals
init.o: D _no66flag
init.o: D _noextflag
init.o: D _nowarnflag
init.o: C _nregvar
init.o: C _nwarn
init.o: D _onetripflag
init.o: D _optimflag
init.o: U _p2pass
init.o: D _parstate
init.o: D _procclass
init.o: T _procinit
init.o: C _procleng
init.o: C _procname
init.o: C _procno
init.o: D _proctype
init.o: D _profileflag
init.o: U _pruse
init.o: C _regnamep
init.o: C _ret0label
init.o: C _retlabel
init.o: C _retslot
init.o: D _rpllist
init.o: C _rtvlabel
init.o: C _saveall
init.o: D _sdbflag
init.o: T _setimpl
init.o: U _setlog
init.o: D _shiftcase
init.o: D _shortsubs
init.o: U _sprintf
init.o: C _substars
init.o: D _templist
init.o: C _textfile
init.o: D _thislabel
init.o: C _token
init.o: C _toklen
init.o: C _toomanyinit
init.o: D _tyint
init.o: D _tylogical
init.o: C _typeaddr
init.o: D _typealign
init.o: D _typesize
init.o: D _undeftype
intr.o: U _addressable
intr.o: U _builtin
intr.o: D _callbyvalue
intr.o: U _cpexpr
intr.o: U _eqn
intr.o: U _err66
intr.o: U _errnode
intr.o: U _errstr
intr.o: U _fatal
intr.o: U _fatali
intr.o: U _fatalstr
intr.o: U _fixargs
intr.o: U _fixexpr
intr.o: U _frchain
intr.o: U _free
intr.o: U _frexpr
intr.o: T _inline
intr.o: U _intcon
intr.o: T _intraddr
intr.o: T _intrcall
intr.o: T _intrfunct
intr.o: U _maxtype
intr.o: U _mkconv
intr.o: U _mkcxcon
intr.o: U _mkexpr
intr.o: U _mkintcon
intr.o: U _mkrealcon
intr.o: U _mktemp
intr.o: U _no66flag
intr.o: C _packed
intr.o: U _realcon
intr.o: U _tyint
intr.o: U _varstr
io.o: U _addrof
io.o: U _asmfile
io.o: U _autovar
io.o: U _call0
io.o: U _call1
io.o: U _call2
io.o: U _call3
io.o: U _ckalloc
io.o: U _cpexpr
io.o: U _dataline
io.o: U _dataname
io.o: T _doio
io.o: U _enddo
io.o: T _endio
io.o: T _endioctl
io.o: U _eqn
io.o: U _err
io.o: U _errstr
io.o: U _exdo
io.o: U _execerr
io.o: U _execlab
io.o: U _fatali
io.o: U _fixexpr
io.o: U _fixtype
io.o: U _flline
io.o: T _fmtstmt
io.o: U _frchain
io.o: U _free
io.o: U _frexpr
io.o: U _inioctl
io.o: U _initfile
io.o: U _ioblkp
io.o: T _ioclause
io.o: T _iocname
io.o: U _iostmt
io.o: U _isstatic
io.o: U _lastvarno
io.o: U _lencat
io.o: U _lexline
io.o: U _memversion
io.o: U _mkaddcon
io.o: U _mkconv
io.o: U _mkexpr
io.o: U _mkintcon
io.o: U _mklabel
io.o: U _mkscalar
io.o: U _mktemp
io.o: U _newlabel
io.o: U _nioctl
io.o: U _praddr
io.o: U _preven
io.o: U _prlabel
io.o: U _putconst
io.o: U _puteq
io.o: U _putexpr
io.o: U _putif
io.o: U _putlabel
io.o: U _putstr
io.o: U _setdata
io.o: T _setfmt
io.o: T _startioctl
io.o: T _startrw
io.o: U _strlen
io.o: U _token
io.o: U _toklen
io.o: U _typesize
io.o: U _vardcl
io.o: U _varstr
lex.o: U __ctype
lex.o: U __filbuf
lex.o: U __iob
lex.o: U _ckalloc
lex.o: U _clf
lex.o: U _copyn
lex.o: U _copys
lex.o: U _diagfile
lex.o: T _doinclude
lex.o: U _done
lex.o: U _eqn
lex.o: U _err
lex.o: U _erri
lex.o: U _errstr
lex.o: U _fatal
lex.o: U _fatali
lex.o: T _flline
lex.o: U _fopen
lex.o: U _fprintf
lex.o: U _free
lex.o: U _hextoi
lex.o: U _infile
lex.o: U _infname
lex.o: T _inilex
lex.o: U _inioctl
lex.o: T _initkey
lex.o: C _intonly
lex.o: T _lexline
lex.o: U _lineno
lex.o: U _needkwd
lex.o: U _no66flag
lex.o: D _puncts
lex.o: U _shiftcase
lex.o: U _sprintf
lex.o: U _strcpy
lex.o: U _token
lex.o: U _toklen
lex.o: U _tolower
lex.o: U _ungetc
lex.o: T _yylex
lex.o: C _yystno
main.o: U __ctype
main.o: U __iob
main.o: U _asmfile
main.o: U _checksubs
main.o: T _clf
main.o: U _copys
main.o: U _debugflag
main.o: U _diagfile
main.o: U _doext
main.o: T _done
main.o: U _endproc
main.o: U _err
main.o: U _exit
main.o: U _fatal
main.o: U _fatali
main.o: U _fatalstr
main.o: U _fclose
main.o: U _fileinit
main.o: T _flovflo
main.o: U _fopen
main.o: U _fprintf
main.o: U _ftn66flag
main.o: U _inilex
main.o: U _initfile
main.o: U _initkey
main.o: U _lineno
main.o: T _main
main.o: U _maxctl
main.o: U _maxequiv
main.o: U _maxext
main.o: U _maxhash
main.o: U _maxregvar
main.o: U _maxstno
main.o: U _nerr
main.o: U _newlabel
main.o: U _no66flag
main.o: U _noextflag
main.o: U _nowarnflag
main.o: U _onetripflag
main.o: U _optimflag
main.o: U _parstate
main.o: U _preven
main.o: U _procinit
main.o: U _profileflag
main.o: U _prstab
main.o: U _prtail
main.o: U _puteof
main.o: U _putlabel
main.o: U _sdbflag
main.o: U _shiftcase
main.o: U _shortsubs
main.o: U _signal
main.o: U _sprintf
main.o: U _textfile
main.o: U _tyint
main.o: U _tylogical
main.o: U _undeftype
main.o: U _warn
main.o: U _warn1
main.o: D _xxxvers
main.o: U _yyparse
misc.o: T _addressable
misc.o: U _atof
misc.o: U _blklevel
misc.o: T _builtin
misc.o: T _call0
misc.o: T _call1
misc.o: T _call2
misc.o: T _call3
misc.o: T _call4
misc.o: T _callk
misc.o: U _calloc
misc.o: U _chains
misc.o: T _ckalloc
misc.o: T _cmpstr
misc.o: T _convcd
misc.o: T _convci
misc.o: T _convic
misc.o: T _copyn
misc.o: T _copys
misc.o: T _cpblock
misc.o: T _cpn
misc.o: T _eqn
misc.o: U _err
misc.o: U _errstr
misc.o: U _execerr
misc.o: T _execlab
misc.o: U _extsymtab
misc.o: U _fatal
misc.o: T _frchain
misc.o: U _free
misc.o: T _frrpl
misc.o: U _hashtab
misc.o: T _hextoi
misc.o: U _highlabtab
misc.o: T _hookup
misc.o: T _isaddr
misc.o: T _isstatic
misc.o: U _labeltab
misc.o: U _labtabend
misc.o: U _lastext
misc.o: U _lasthash
misc.o: U _lastlabno
misc.o: T _lmax
misc.o: T _lmin
misc.o: T _log2
misc.o: U _many
misc.o: T _max
misc.o: U _maxext
misc.o: U _maxhash
misc.o: U _maxstno
misc.o: T _maxtype
misc.o: T _mkchain
misc.o: U _mkexpr
misc.o: T _mkext
misc.o: T _mkiodo
misc.o: T _mklabel
misc.o: T _mklist
misc.o: T _mkname
misc.o: T _newlabel
misc.o: U _nextext
misc.o: U _nintnames
misc.o: T _nounder
misc.o: U _rpllist
misc.o: U _strlen
misc.o: T _varstr
misc.o: T _varunder
misc.o: U _warn1
proc.o: U _asmfile
proc.o: U _autoleng
proc.o: T _autovar
proc.o: U _badtype
proc.o: U _bssleng
proc.o: U _chlgslot
proc.o: U _chslot
proc.o: U _ckalloc
proc.o: T _comblock
proc.o: U _convic
proc.o: U _cpexpr
proc.o: U _ctls
proc.o: U _ctlstack
proc.o: U _cxslot
proc.o: U _dclerr
proc.o: U _diagfile
proc.o: U _doequiv
proc.o: T _doext
proc.o: T _donmlist
proc.o: T _enddcl
proc.o: T _endproc
proc.o: U _entries
proc.o: T _entrypt
proc.o: U _eqn
proc.o: U _eqvclass
proc.o: U _err
proc.o: U _errnode
proc.o: U _errstr
proc.o: U _execerr
proc.o: U _extsymtab
proc.o: U _fatal
proc.o: U _fixlwm
proc.o: U _fprintf
proc.o: U _frchain
proc.o: U _free
proc.o: U _frexpr
proc.o: T _frtemp
proc.o: U _ftnname
proc.o: U _goret
proc.o: U _hashtab
proc.o: U _holdtemps
proc.o: U _hookup
proc.o: T _iarrlen
proc.o: U _impldcl
proc.o: T _incomm
proc.o: U _intrfunct
proc.o: U _labeltab
proc.o: U _labtabend
proc.o: U _lastargslot
proc.o: U _lasthash
proc.o: U _lastvarno
proc.o: T _lengtype
proc.o: U _lineno
proc.o: U _memname
proc.o: U _mkarg
proc.o: U _mkchain
proc.o: U _mkexpr
proc.o: U _mkext
proc.o: U _mkintcon
proc.o: U _mkname
proc.o: T _mktemp
proc.o: T _mktmpn
proc.o: U _multitype
proc.o: T _namelist
proc.o: U _nentry
proc.o: U _nequiv
proc.o: T _newentry
proc.o: U _newlabel
proc.o: T _newproc
proc.o: U _nextext
proc.o: U _nounder
proc.o: U _parstate
proc.o: U _praddr
proc.o: U _prcomssym
proc.o: U _prconi
proc.o: U _prdbginfo
proc.o: U _prendproc
proc.o: U _preven
proc.o: U _prext
proc.o: U _prlocvar
proc.o: U _procclass
proc.o: U _procinit
proc.o: U _procleng
proc.o: U _procname
proc.o: U _procno
proc.o: U _proctype
proc.o: U _prolog
proc.o: U _prstab
proc.o: U _prstleng
proc.o: U _pruse
proc.o: U _putbracket
proc.o: U _putbranch
proc.o: U _putforce
proc.o: U _puthead
proc.o: U _putlabel
proc.o: U _putrbrack
proc.o: U _putstr
proc.o: U _ret0label
proc.o: U _retlabel
proc.o: U _retslot
proc.o: U _rtvlabel
proc.o: U _sdbflag
proc.o: T _setbound
proc.o: T _setext
proc.o: T _setintr
proc.o: T _settype
proc.o: U _sprintf
proc.o: U _stabtype
proc.o: T _startproc
proc.o: U _strlen
proc.o: U _substars
proc.o: U _templist
proc.o: U _tyint
proc.o: U _tylogical
proc.o: U _typeaddr
proc.o: U _typealign
proc.o: U _typesize
proc.o: U _vardcl
proc.o: U _varstr
proc.o: U _varunder
proc.o: U _warn1
put.o: U _asmfile
put.o: U _badtag
put.o: U _badtype
put.o: U _ckalloc
put.o: U _cpexpr
put.o: U _cpn
put.o: U _eqn
put.o: U _err
put.o: U _fixexpr
put.o: U _fixtype
put.o: U _frexpr
put.o: U _holdtemps
put.o: U _hookup
put.o: T _imagpart
put.o: T _lencat
put.o: U _litpool
put.o: U _mkexpr
put.o: U _mkintcon
put.o: U _mkrealcon
put.o: T _ncat
put.o: U _newlabel
put.o: U _nliterals
put.o: D _ops2
put.o: U _prchars
put.o: U _prcona
put.o: U _prconi
put.o: U _prconr
put.o: U _preven
put.o: U _prlabel
put.o: T _putassign
put.o: T _putconst
put.o: T _puteq
put.o: T _putex1
put.o: U _putexpr
put.o: T _putsteq
put.o: T _putstr
put.o: U _putx
put.o: T _realpart
put.o: T _setlog
put.o: U _templist
put.o: U _tylogical
put.o: U _typealign
put.o: D _types2
put.o: U _typesize
putpcc.o: U _addressable
putpcc.o: U _addrof
putpcc.o: U _badop
putpcc.o: U _badstg
putpcc.o: U _badtag
putpcc.o: U _call2
putpcc.o: U _call4
putpcc.o: U _cpexpr
putpcc.o: U _err
putpcc.o: U _execerr
putpcc.o: U _fatal
putpcc.o: U _fixexpr
putpcc.o: U _fixtype
putpcc.o: U _frchain
putpcc.o: U _free
putpcc.o: U _frexpr
putpcc.o: U _frtemp
putpcc.o: U _fseek
putpcc.o: U _ftell
putpcc.o: U _fudgelabel
putpcc.o: U _headerdone
putpcc.o: U _headoffset
putpcc.o: U _hookup
putpcc.o: U _imagpart
putpcc.o: U _infname
putpcc.o: U _lencat
putpcc.o: U _lineno
putpcc.o: U _log2
putpcc.o: U _memname
putpcc.o: U _mkchain
putpcc.o: U _mkconv
putpcc.o: U _mkexpr
putpcc.o: U _mkintcon
putpcc.o: U _mkrealcon
putpcc.o: U _mktemp
putpcc.o: U _mktmpn
putpcc.o: U _ncat
putpcc.o: U _newlabel
putpcc.o: U _ops2
putpcc.o: T _p2flush
putpcc.o: T _p2icon
putpcc.o: T _p2name
putpcc.o: T _p2op
putpcc.o: T _p2oreg
putpcc.o: T _p2pass
putpcc.o: T _p2pi
putpcc.o: T _p2pij
putpcc.o: T _p2ps
putpcc.o: T _p2reg
putpcc.o: T _p2str
putpcc.o: T _p2triple
putpcc.o: T _p2word
putpcc.o: U _prhead
putpcc.o: U _procno
putpcc.o: U _prsave
putpcc.o: U _putassign
putpcc.o: T _putbracket
putpcc.o: T _putbranch
putpcc.o: T _putcmgo
putpcc.o: U _putconst
putpcc.o: T _puteof
putpcc.o: U _putex1
putpcc.o: T _putexpr
putpcc.o: T _putforce
putpcc.o: T _putgoto
putpcc.o: T _puthead
putpcc.o: T _putif
putpcc.o: T _putlabel
putpcc.o: T _putnreg
putpcc.o: T _putrbrack
putpcc.o: U _putsteq
putpcc.o: T _putstmt
putpcc.o: T _putx
putpcc.o: U _realpart
putpcc.o: T _simoffset
putpcc.o: U _sprintf
putpcc.o: U _strlen
putpcc.o: U _textfile
putpcc.o: U _tyint
putpcc.o: U _types2
putpcc.o: U _vaxgoto
putpcc.o: U _write
vax.o: U _argloc
vax.o: U _asmfile
vax.o: U _autoleng
vax.o: U _badstg
vax.o: U _checksubs
vax.o: U _chlgslot
vax.o: U _chslot
vax.o: U _cpexpr
vax.o: U _cxslot
vax.o: U _eqvstart
vax.o: U _extsymtab
vax.o: T _fixlwm
vax.o: U _fixtype
vax.o: U _fprintf
vax.o: T _ftnname
vax.o: U _fudgelabel
vax.o: T _goret
vax.o: U _highregvar
vax.o: D _intcon
vax.o: U _lastargslot
vax.o: U _lwmno
vax.o: D _maxregvar
vax.o: T _memname
vax.o: U _mkaddcon
vax.o: U _mkexpr
vax.o: U _mkintcon
vax.o: T _mvarg
vax.o: U _newlabel
vax.o: U _p2flush
vax.o: U _p2pass
vax.o: U _p2pi
vax.o: U _p2pij
vax.o: U _p2ps
vax.o: U _p2triple
vax.o: U _p2word
vax.o: T _praddr
vax.o: T _prarif
vax.o: T _prcomssym
vax.o: T _prcona
vax.o: T _prconi
vax.o: T _prconr
vax.o: T _prdbginfo
vax.o: T _prendproc
vax.o: T _preven
vax.o: T _prext
vax.o: T _prhead
vax.o: T _prlabel
vax.o: T _prlocvar
vax.o: U _procclass
vax.o: U _procno
vax.o: U _proctype
vax.o: U _profileflag
vax.o: T _prolog
vax.o: T _prsave
vax.o: T _prstab
vax.o: T _prstleng
vax.o: T _prtail
vax.o: U _puteq
vax.o: U _putforce
vax.o: U _putlabel
vax.o: D _realcon
vax.o: D _regnum
vax.o: U _sdbflag
vax.o: D _sdbtypes
vax.o: U _sprintf
vax.o: T _stabdline
vax.o: T _stabline
vax.o: T _stabtype
vax.o: U _typeaddr
vax.o: U _types2
vax.o: U _typesize
vax.o: U _varstr
vax.o: T _vaxgoto
vaxx.o: U _fprintf
vaxx.o: T _prchars
vaxx.o: T _prcomblock
vaxx.o: T _prskip
vaxx.o: T _pruse
