qsnap -mn 5 ./ken/Out1
qsnap -mn 5 ./ken/Out2
qsnap -mn 6 ./pjw/Out
qsnap -mn 6 ./gerard/Out
qsnap -mn 4 ./wtm/Out
qsnap -mn 4 ./doug/Out1
qsnap -mn 4 ./doug/Out2
qsnap -mn 3 ./bart/Out
qsnap -mn 6 ./howard/Out
qsnap -mn 6 ./td/Out
qsnap -mn 6 ./td/Out2
qsnap -mn 6 ./td/Out3
qsnap -mn 4 ./presotto/Out
qsnap -mn 6 ./norman/Out
qsnap -mn 3 ./andrew/Out
qsnap -mn 6 ./pg/Out
qsnap -mn 6 ./rob/Out1
qsnap -mn 6 ./rob/Out2
qsnap -mn 4 andrew/Andrew
qsnap -mn 3 bart/Bart
qsnap -mn 4 bwk/Bwk
qsnap -mn 4 dmr/Dmr
qsnap -mn 4 doug/Doug
qsnap -mn 3 ftg/Ftg
qsnap -mn 4 howard/Howard
qsnap -mn 3 ken/UNIX.ken
qsnap -mn 3 lem/Lem
qsnap -mn 4 llc/Llc
qsnap -mn 4 norman/Norman
qsnap -mn 4 pg/Pg
qsnap -mn 4 presotto/Presotto
qsnap -mn 4 rhm/Rhm
qsnap -mn 3 td/Mouths
qsnap -mn 4 td/Mouths2
qsnap -mn 4 td/Td
qsnap -mn 3 wtm/Wtm
