btadd.o: U __iob
btadd.o: U _abort
btadd.o: T _bcheck
btadd.o: U _bclose
btadd.o: C _bf
btadd.o: U _bfirst
btadd.o: U _bopen
btadd.o: U _bread
btadd.o: U _bseek
btadd.o: U _bwrite
btadd.o: C _cflag
btadd.o: U _exit
btadd.o: U _fprintf
btadd.o: T _get
btadd.o: D _key
btadd.o: C _keybuf
btadd.o: T _main
btadd.o: C _new
btadd.o: C _newbuf
btadd.o: C _old
btadd.o: C _oldbuf
btadd.o: U _perror
btadd.o: U _read
btadd.o: D _rec
btadd.o: C _recbuf
btbuild.o: U __flsbuf
btbuild.o: U __iob
btbuild.o: C _address
btbuild.o: C _curkey
btbuild.o: C _currec
btbuild.o: C _dfd
btbuild.o: T _doit
btbuild.o: U _exit
btbuild.o: T _fail
btbuild.o: U _fclose
btbuild.o: T _finish
btbuild.o: U _fopen
btbuild.o: U _fprintf
btbuild.o: U _fread
btbuild.o: C _freecnt
btbuild.o: U _fseek
btbuild.o: U _ftell
btbuild.o: U _fwrite
btbuild.o: T _getrec
btbuild.o: T _init
btbuild.o: T _insert
btbuild.o: C _kp
btbuild.o: T _main
btbuild.o: T _mget
btbuild.o: U _mvgbt
btbuild.o: C _name
btbuild.o: T _ndwrt
btbuild.o: C _nkey
btbuild.o: C _node
btbuild.o: U _perror
btbuild.o: T _prbuf
btbuild.o: T _pref
btbuild.o: U _printf
btbuild.o: T _prkey
btbuild.o: C _reccnt
btbuild.o: T _shortest
btbuild.o: C _shortone
btbuild.o: U _sprintf
btbuild.o: C _tfd
btbuild.o: C _type
btbuild.o: C _used
btbuild.o: C _val
btcat.o: U __flsbuf
btcat.o: U __iob
btcat.o: U _bclose
btcat.o: U _bfirst
btcat.o: U _bopen
btcat.o: U _bread
btcat.o: U _breclen
btcat.o: T _copy
btcat.o: U _exit
btcat.o: U _fprintf
btcat.o: U _fwrite
btcat.o: C _key
btcat.o: T _main
btcat.o: U _malloc
btcat.o: T _out
btcat.o: U _perror
btcat.o: U _realloc
btcat.o: C _rec
btcat.o: C _rflag
btcat.o: D _rsize
btcat.o: D _tabchar
btcreat.o: U __iob
btcreat.o: C _buf
btcreat.o: U _close
btcreat.o: U _creat
btcreat.o: U _exit
btcreat.o: U _fprintf
btcreat.o: C _iflag
btcreat.o: T _main
btcreat.o: C _node
btcreat.o: U _perror
btcreat.o: C _rflag
btcreat.o: U _sprintf
btcreat.o: U _unlink
btcreat.o: U _write
btdelete.o: U __filbuf
btdelete.o: U __iob
btdelete.o: U _bclose
btdelete.o: U _bdelete
btdelete.o: C _bf
btdelete.o: U _bopen
btdelete.o: C _buf
btdelete.o: U _exit
btdelete.o: U _fprintf
btdelete.o: C _key
btdelete.o: T _main
btdelete.o: U _perror
btdiag.o: U _bopen
btdiag.o: T _check
btdiag.o: C _curd
btdiag.o: C _curkey
btdiag.o: T _diagnose
btdiag.o: T _dolevel
btdiag.o: C _errcnt
btdiag.o: U _errno
btdiag.o: T _error
btdiag.o: U _exit
btdiag.o: T _firstkey
btdiag.o: U _fstat
btdiag.o: D _giantkey
btdiag.o: C _keynum
btdiag.o: C _loc
btdiag.o: U _lseek
btdiag.o: T _main
btdiag.o: U _malloc
btdiag.o: T _nextkey
btdiag.o: C _nodes
btdiag.o: U _printf
btdiag.o: U _read
btdiag.o: C _seen
btdiag.o: D _tinykey
btexer.o: T _allin
btexer.o: U _atoi
btexer.o: U _bclose
btexer.o: U _bdelete
btexer.o: U _bflush
btexer.o: U _bkey
btexer.o: U _bopen
btexer.o: U _bseek
btexer.o: C _bt
btexer.o: C _buf
btexer.o: U _bwrite
btexer.o: T _checkseek
btexer.o: C _cmdbuf
btexer.o: C _cnt
btexer.o: T _doit
btexer.o: U _errno
btexer.o: T _error
btexer.o: U _exit
btexer.o: C _filename
btexer.o: T _in
btexer.o: C _key
btexer.o: C _keysz
btexer.o: T _main
btexer.o: U _malloc
btexer.o: T _out
btexer.o: T _outkey
btexer.o: U _perror
btexer.o: U _printf
btexer.o: U _rand
btexer.o: D _rec
btexer.o: U _sbrk
btexer.o: U _sprintf
btexer.o: U _srand
btexer.o: C _state
btexer.o: U _strncpy
btexer.o: U _system
btexer.o: T _test
btran.o: U __iob
btran.o: C _abuf
btran.o: C _bbuf
btran.o: C _cnt
btran.o: U _exit
btran.o: U _fgets
btran.o: U _fprintf
btran.o: U _fwrite
btran.o: C _line
btran.o: T _main
btran.o: C _ocnt
btran.o: C _oline
btran.o: T _output
btran.o: U _strlen
btran.o: T _swtch
btran.o: D _tab
btreport.o: U __flsbuf
btreport.o: U __iob
btreport.o: U _bclose
btreport.o: U _bopen
btreport.o: C _bt
btreport.o: T _doarg
btreport.o: T _donode
btreport.o: U _exit
btreport.o: C _frcnt
btreport.o: U _fstat
btreport.o: U _lseek
btreport.o: T _main
btreport.o: C _ndcnt
btreport.o: U _perror
btreport.o: U _printf
btreport.o: U _read
btreport.o: C _reccnt
btreport.o: C _reclen
btreport.o: U _strlen
btsquash.o: U __iob
btsquash.o: C _bfd
btsquash.o: U _bopen
btsquash.o: U _bread
btsquash.o: U _errno
btsquash.o: U _exit
btsquash.o: T _fail
btsquash.o: U _fprintf
btsquash.o: U _fwrite
btsquash.o: U _getpid
btsquash.o: C _iflag
btsquash.o: C _kbuf
btsquash.o: C _key
btsquash.o: U _link
btsquash.o: T _main
btsquash.o: U _pclose
btsquash.o: U _perror
btsquash.o: C _pfd
btsquash.o: U _popen
btsquash.o: C _rflag
btsquash.o: U _sprintf
btsquash.o: U _strcat
btsquash.o: U _strcpy
btsquash.o: U _system
btsquash.o: U _unlink
btsquash.o: C _value
btsquash.o: C _vbuf
bttest.o: U __flsbuf
bttest.o: U __iob
bttest.o: U _bclose
bttest.o: U _bdelete
bttest.o: U _bfirst
bttest.o: U _bflush
bttest.o: U _bkey
bttest.o: U _bopen
bttest.o: U _bread
bttest.o: U _breclen
bttest.o: U _bseek
bttest.o: U _bwrite
bttest.o: T _checknode
bttest.o: D _cmnd
bttest.o: T _cmtp
bttest.o: U _errno
bttest.o: U _exit
bttest.o: U _fgets
bttest.o: C _it
bttest.o: C _key
bttest.o: C _line
bttest.o: U _lseek
bttest.o: T _main
bttest.o: U _malloc
bttest.o: C _ndbuf
bttest.o: T _onearg
bttest.o: U _perror
bttest.o: T _prbt
bttest.o: T _prbuf
bttest.o: T _prhdr
bttest.o: U _printf
bttest.o: T _prkey
bttest.o: T _prlfa
bttest.o: T _prnda
bttest.o: U _read
bttest.o: U _sscanf
bttest.o: U _strlen
bttest.o: U _strncmp
bttest.o: U _system
bttest.o: T _todatum
bttest.o: T _tprnode
bttest.o: T _twoarg
bttest.o: C _value
