bdelete.o: T _bdelete
bdelete.o: U _bseek
bdelete.o: U _curbf
bdelete.o: U _errno
bdelete.o: U _mvgbt
bdelete.o: T _ndelete
bdelete.o: U _notran
bdelete.o: T _rmlfadr
bdelete.o: T _rmndadr
bdelete.o: U _xscan
bt.o: U _advance
bt.o: T _bclose
bt.o: T _bfirst
bt.o: T _bflush
bt.o: T _bkey
bt.o: T _bopen
bt.o: T _bread
bt.o: T _breclen
bt.o: T _bseek
bt.o: U _close
bt.o: C _curbf
bt.o: U _desce
bt.o: U _errno
bt.o: U _fixpath
bt.o: U _free
bt.o: U _getlpid
bt.o: U _intran
bt.o: U _lseek
bt.o: U _malloc
bt.o: U _mvgbt
bt.o: U _ndrd
bt.o: U _ndwrt
bt.o: U _newtran
bt.o: U _notran
bt.o: U _open
bt.o: U _read
bt.o: U _rmtran
bt.o: U _strcpy
bt.o: U _strlen
bt.o: U _trabort
bt.o: U _tranid
bttest.o: U __flsbuf
bttest.o: U __iob
bttest.o: U _bclose
bttest.o: U _bdelete
bttest.o: U _bfirst
bttest.o: U _bflush
bttest.o: U _bkey
bttest.o: U _bopen
bttest.o: U _bread
bttest.o: U _breclen
bttest.o: U _bseek
bttest.o: U _bwrite
bttest.o: T _checknode
bttest.o: D _cmnd
bttest.o: T _cmtp
bttest.o: U _errno
bttest.o: U _exit
bttest.o: U _fgets
bttest.o: C _it
bttest.o: C _key
bttest.o: C _line
bttest.o: U _lseek
bttest.o: T _main
bttest.o: U _malloc
bttest.o: C _ndbuf
bttest.o: T _onearg
bttest.o: U _perror
bttest.o: T _prbt
bttest.o: T _prbuf
bttest.o: T _prhdr
bttest.o: U _printf
bttest.o: T _prkey
bttest.o: T _prlfa
bttest.o: T _prnda
bttest.o: U _read
bttest.o: U _sscanf
bttest.o: U _strlen
bttest.o: U _strncmp
bttest.o: U _system
bttest.o: T _todatum
bttest.o: T _tprnode
bttest.o: T _twoarg
bttest.o: C _value
bwrite.o: T _addaddr
bwrite.o: U _brecwrite
bwrite.o: U _bseek
bwrite.o: T _bwrite
bwrite.o: U _curbf
bwrite.o: U _desce
bwrite.o: U _errno
bwrite.o: T _fixpath
bwrite.o: T _lastkey
bwrite.o: U _malloc
bwrite.o: U _mvgbt
bwrite.o: T _newkeys
bwrite.o: U _newnode
bwrite.o: T _newroot
bwrite.o: T _newx
bwrite.o: U _notran
bwrite.o: T _nsplit
bwrite.o: U _oldnode
bwrite.o: T _xinsert
bwrite.o: U _xscan
diskrd.o: U _curbf
diskrd.o: U _errno
diskrd.o: T _getincore
diskrd.o: U _lseek
diskrd.o: T _ndrd
diskrd.o: U _ndwrt
diskrd.o: U _read
diskwrt.o: T _brecwrite
diskwrt.o: U _curbf
diskwrt.o: U _errno
diskwrt.o: U _lseek
diskwrt.o: T _ndwrt
diskwrt.o: T _newnode
diskwrt.o: T _oldnode
diskwrt.o: U _tranid
diskwrt.o: U _write
lib.o: T _mvgbt
lib.o: T _prdkey
lib.o: U _printf
lib.o: T _prnode
lib.o: U _putchar
seek.o: T _advance
seek.o: U _curbf
seek.o: T _desce
seek.o: U _errno
seek.o: U _getincore
seek.o: U _mvgbt
seek.o: T _step
seek.o: T _xscan
tran.o: U _abort
tran.o: U _curbf
tran.o: U _errno
tran.o: T _getlpid
tran.o: U _getpid
tran.o: T _intran
tran.o: T _newtran
tran.o: T _notran
tran.o: U _perror
tran.o: T _rmtran
tran.o: U _time
tran.o: T _trabort
tran.o: C _tranid
